Interactive Playground (#348)
cjbooms/fabrikt: README.md

|                               |   `JAKARTA_VALIDATION` - Use `jakarta.validation` annotations in generated model classes |
|                               |   `NO_VALIDATION` - Use no validation annotations in generated model classes |

## Original Motivation

The team that built the first version of this tool initially contributed to the Kotlin code generation ability in
[OpenApiTools](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator), but reached the limits of what could be achieved with
template-based generation. This library leverages the rich OpenAPI 3 model provided by
[KaiZen-OpenApi-Parser](https://github.com/RepreZen/KaiZen-OpenApi-Parser) and uses [Kotlin Poet](https://square.github.io/kotlinpoet/) to
programmatically construct Kotlin classes for maximum flexibility.

> The initial version was built at [Zalando Tech](https://opensource.zalando.com/) and is battle-tested in production there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project was started by engineers from [Zalando Tech](https://opensource.zalando.com/) and is battle-tested heavily in production there.
```
